Synopsis
-------
This micro-framework is aimed towards simple web-service based site. It is intended to remove all the crap of heavy weight frameworks
and give you the tools you need. "...5 seconds to start Tomcat 7? I'll take two..."

Introduction
-------
Frameworks are great arn't they? We've come so far these days, with less than two clicks we can instruct our favourite framework
to build a brand new domain object. It'll use the most elegant AOP to create you a dynamic finder, hell it'll do almost anything.

Yet here you are. You're thinking I need to build a simple application, No ORM, no obfuscated metaclassing. Maybe a RESTful service? Something lean and mean.
Let's take raw Groovy, we're bored with all the Java noise. Spock, we need real tests and we need them fast. Spring?
Spring has gained a bad rep over the years but it's seriously fast and intuitive, yup throw that in. Now for a
something to tie it all together - gradle.

This framework (actually, no. this is a nothing more than a guideline) brings together the best of Groovy, Java, Spring, Gradle and Spock.
Quickly build a test-driven web-site without any noise or confusing abstractions. I have provided the very minimum of
configuration to let you get developing without any impedance.

Enjoy...

Libraries
-------
* Java - Java rocks. Use Java to taste
* Groovy - Functional development for men
* Spock - Behavioral driven development for humans
* Gradle - Build scripts without the pain (okay, okay... Less pain than Maven and Ant)


Website
-------

http://www.milesburton.com/Ultimate_Web_Bundle_Spring_MVC3_Groovy_Spock_Gradle_Java

License
-------

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
